oh
[Music]
right welcome to story flicks in this
video we will explain a comedy drama
about viola who is different from most
girls her age viola is crazy about
soccer until she finally decides to
disguise herself as her twin brother and
live in a boy's dormitory over time
viola never imagined she would fall in
love with her roommate duke can viola
confess her love even though she is
disguised as a boy let's follow the
story line she's the man
she's the man begins with a scene where
viola a beautiful girl who actually
likes soccer she and her boyfriend
justin are so happy when playing ball on
the beach even though viola is much
better than justin viola who attends
cornwall high school wants to register
their team in an inter-school soccer
match but has to be disappointed because
of the lack of players viola is annoyed
and then goes to her coach but they are
actually humiliated because they are
women
meanwhile her boyfriend justin turns out
to be defending their coach viola who is
annoyed breaks up with justin when
returning home viola is stopped by a
blonde woman named monique who turns out
to be sebastian's boyfriend viola's twin
according to monique viola and sebastian
are so similar that it's hard to tell
them apart when in sebastian's room
viola found her twin brother was about
to run away from home it turns out that
sebastian wants to go to london for a
two-week music festival their parents
divorced so he easily fooled his father
and mother and told they that he was
staying at one of their houses then when
she looked in the mirror and saw a photo
of her twin brother viola had an idea
with paul's help viola intends to
disguise herself as sebastian and enter
illyria high school which in the next
few weeks will be playing against a
cornwall soccer team paul finally agreed
and started doing various experiments to
make viola look like sebastian
viola also began to learn how to walk
like a man until finally she did not
expect to be able to look like sebastian
it was time to go but she didn't forget
to bring her pad viola told her mother
that she would also stay at her father's
house for two weeks but when her mother
forbids viola assures that monique
sebastian's girlfriend will also be
there her mother was so happy because
viola would definitely look like a real
girl if she hung out with monique
finally the day she had been waiting for
arrived viola arrives at illyria high
school as sebastian at first she was so
nervous and not confident but thanks to
paul's support finally viola stepped
straight into the high school for the
first time viola entered the boy's
dormitory and she was so shocked by the
atmosphere that was so chaotic arriving
at a room viola meets duke orsino who is
her roommate in the room there were
andrew and toby who stayed next door
while chatting viola accidentally
dropped her pad the boys were so
astonished why a man brought menstrual
pad
a frantic viola admits that she likes
nosebleeds so she needs something to
stop her nose bleed
viola finally managed to take part in
soccer practice at illyria high school
unfortunately viola was not chosen as
the main player and it was pretty
disappointing when she was about to take
a shower viola forgot that she was a
girl she was almost dragged into the
bath with the boys until finally coach
dinklage came and said the principal was
looking for her
while leaving the principal's office
viola bumped into a blonde girl named
olivia unexpectedly olivia has a secret
crush on her
while eating with duke and his friends
olivia came and it turned out that duke
really liked her it's just that olivia's
eyes are only on viola viola feels
olivia is a sad girl she started to get
carried away and said poetic things that
made the boys run away from her because
a man should not speak like a woman
viola realizes that everyone is starting
to think he is gay and stays away from
her so she called paul and asked for
help
paul obviously has plans of his own
while visiting a restaurant duke and the
boys try to stay away from viola but
paul starts sending his friends to
pretend to flirt with viola who is still
disguised as sebastian viola who looks
like a playboy makes duke and his
friends confused and amazed but their
plan almost failed when monique
sebastian's girlfriend suddenly saw
viola who looked like sebastian viola
tries to avoid her but monique insists
on chasing her viola's refusal upsets
monique and she runs away everyone
immediately cheered duke and the boys
were amazed by viola and welcomed her
back into their friendship
at school viola was suddenly very
popular when they enter biology class
the teacher assigns them a pairing
assignment and duke has to work with
eunice a clumsy girl at school meanwhile
viola is paired with olivia duke and
viola then made an agreement if viola
can make him up with olivia then he'll
teach viola soccer and make her join the
game against cornwall school
the following days viola and olivia met
more often for group work meanwhile duke
is trying to make viola better at
playing soccer while practicing soccer
her friend accidentally kicked the ball
right in viola's genitals supposedly men
would scream in pain but viola forgot
that she then pretended to scream
luckily her cover still hasn't been
exposed
meanwhile malcolm a smart boy at school
becomes suspicious of viola's attitude
and decides to reveal her secret
during group work viola persuades olivia
to date duke but olivia says the duke is
not her type
then viola thought that she should teach
duke how to flirt women in their room
viola pretends to be olivia and asks
duke to firth her but while they were
practicing a tarantula came into their
room and scared them viola screamed
until she was forced to let out her
female voice while hugging duke
in their town there was a carnival one
weekend viola's mother forced her to
come so she went there with duke and the
boys at the carnival viola sees monique
and she knows it will get her into
trouble viola ran to the public toilet
and changed into girl then viola
accidentally bumped into duke who was
astonished to feel he had seen her
somewhere viola then joined as a
volunteer at the kissing booth when it
was duke's turn the two finally kissed
but it turns out that viola really
enjoyed her kiss with duke until finally
justin her ex-boyfriend came and didn't
accept it duke and justin end up getting
into a fight
after viola returned to her dorm room
she was so surprised the duke used his
pad to dry the blood running down his
nose duke then told viola that he kissed
a girl at the kissing booth viola who is
still disguised as sebastian tries hard
to ask duke about his feelings for viola
because viola is so in love with duke
the days continued with hard training
between viola and duke but malcolm kept
an eye on the two because he grew
suspicious that the sebastian he saw was
a girl in disguise
finally the day that viola had been
waiting for arrived coach dinklage
apparently chose viola as the main
player in the match against cornwall
high school viola who was so happy
hugged duke and grab his butt it
certainly made duke very uncomfortable
olivia is also in the gym and is even
more fascinated by viola she then
decided to make viola jealous by
pretending to flirt with duke viola is
angry seeing that olivia then asked duke
out on a date
at first duke and olivia didn't enjoy
their date but when viola came with
eunice the two immediately acted as if
they were romantic olivia and duke
finally kissing in front of viola viola
immediately left
when attending a social gathering with
her mother viola who is not disguised as
sebastian is so annoyed when she sees
olivia because she is so jealous so when
she met olivia in the bathroom viola
repeatedly said that duke was a
disgusting person especially when she
kissed him at the kissing booth that's
when olivia said that she didn't really
like duke but she was more attracted to
sebastian viola was so shocked and never
imagined herself disguised as sebastian
would actually be liked by olivia
it turned out that monique was in the
bathroom cubicle an angry monique then
starts attacking olivia and makes the
three of them fight
the real sebastian came home early and
unexpectedly olivia saw him from a
distance olivia immediately ran to
sebastian and kissed him but duke saw
the two from a distance and was so angry
meanwhile monique who came home did not
expect to hear a voice message from
sebastian saying that he had just
returned from london it made her so
annoyed because it turned out that viola
was disguised as sebastian all this time
meanwhile duke was so annoyed with viola
that he kicked her out of her room
malcolm continues to research on viola
until he gets information that olivia
and sebastian are twins and that's when
monique came to duke's dormitory looking
for viola disguised as sebastian and met
malcolm malcolm has the idea to reveal
viola's secret all this time
the day of the match against cornwall
high arrives and the real sebastian
wakes up and is so surprised by his
surroundings he was even led to
participate in the match even though he
couldn't play soccer at all olivia who
was staying in eunice's room woke up
late and immediately headed for the
match field but the match had already
started and the real sebastian walked
into the field with a confused look on
his face justin and duke compete with
each other to win the game meanwhile the
real sebastian is really bad at playing
soccer
the principal accompanied by monique and
malcolm stopped the match and entered
the field center the principal starts to
announce over the loudspeaker that
sebastian is a girl they really did not
expect that in front of them was the
real sebastian the principal says that
sebastian is actually viola in disguise
after being asked to prove sebastian
immediately dropped his pants and made
everyone shocked because he is a man the
incident was so embarrassing for the
principal who was angry with malcolm
during the rest period and all the
players go into the locker room
sebastian is pulled by viola and is told
that she has been disguised as sebastian
viola changed clothes with sebastian and
entered the field this time viola played
really well until their team took the
lead but duke who was still annoyed with
viola didn't want to pass the ball to
her thus making their team lose a point
viola and duke got into an argument in
the middle of the field until finally
justin came and made duke even angrier
the two then got into a fight that's
when olivia comes and says that she
really enjoyed her kiss last night viola
had lost patience explaining that she
never liked olivia finally viola says
that she likes duke
everyone was shocked to hear that viola
then admits that she is not sebastian
but viola viola explains why she came to
be part of the illyria school soccer
team while breaking her disguise but
duke still couldn't believe it until
viola decided to lift her shirt and show
her breasts everyone was so shocked to
see her viola finally apologizes for
causing such a mess but she just wants
to prove that a woman can play soccer
too cornwell high school coach did not
allow olivia to compete but coach
dinklage disagreed because they do not
discriminate between male and female
players finally the game resumed and it
was clear the illyria school soccer team
proved that they really deserved the
title as champions viola got the chance
to kick the penalty kick and she came
face to face with justin unexpectedly
viola managed to score a goal and bring
her team to become champions justin was
crying lamenting his defeat
duke and viola then meet one night by
the lake and duke finally reveals that
he still can't forget the girl he kissed
at the kissing booth that statement
finally made the two find each other's
hearts the two are officially dating
[Music]
you